From "The Fourth Shepherd" by Joyce Kilmer:

Here is some milk nd oten cke.
Lie down nd sleep nd rest you fir,
Nor fer, O simple folk, to tke
The bounty of  child of cre.

From Ducks And Drkes (Mother Goose rhyme):

A duck nd  drke,
And  hlfpenny cke,

From Bt, Bt (Mother Goose rhyme):

And when I bke
I'll give you  cke

From "As the Chirmn of the Committee / How Beutiful / Never Ws There  Girl So Fir / Some Girls Cn Bke  Pie" from "As the Chirmn of the Committee / How Beutiful / Never Ws There  Girl So Fir / Some Girls Cn Bke  Pie Lyrics - Of Thee I Sing musicl":

She tkes the cke -
For she cn bke

From "To Life" from "To Life Lyrics - Fiddler on the Roof musicl":

One dy it's honey nd risin cke,
Next dy  stomch che,

From "Rg Offen The Bush" from "Rg Offen The Bush Lyrics - Li'l Abner musicl":

Don't tht tke the cke
At the church socil bke,

From "On the Good Ship Lollipop" from "On the Good Ship Lollipop Lyrics - A Dy in Hollywood / A Night in the Ukrine musicl":

See the sugr bowl do the tootsie roll
With the big bd devil's food cke.
If you et too much ooh-ooh
You'll wke with  tummy che.

From "The Three B's" from "The Three B's Lyrics - Best Foot Forwrd musicl":

Sweet s  cke
It's got  kick like mountin liquor
And it's s slick nd hrd
To tke s Veronic Lke.

From "Louis Sys" from "Louis Sys Lyrics - Victor / Victori musicl":

And the people hven't ny bred;
I sy let 'em ll et cke.
Louis sys tht kind of ttitude
Could be  grve mistke.

From "The World Ws Dncing" from "The World Ws Dncing Lyrics - Songs For A New World musicl":

And bked him  cke
And they sent me  ticket
To come winter brek
But I guess I missed the plne

From "Who Do You Love, I Hope" from "Who Do You Love, I Hope Lyrics - Annie Get Your Gun musicl":

Is it the bker who gve you  cke
I sw tht look in his eye
Is it the butcher who brought you  stek
Sy tht it is nd I'll die

From "Finle: Mke Our Grden Grow" from "Finle":

Ws sugr cke
For so our mster sid.
But, now I'll tech
My hnds to bke

From "Strike!" from "Strike! Lyrics - Commentry, The Musicl musicl":

We sk them for bred nd get ?let them et cke?
They figure  stomch che will brek

From "I'm Professor Ludwig Von Drke (Wlt Disney's Wonderful World of Color)" from "I'm Professor Ludwig Von Drke (Wlt Disney's Wonderful World of Color) Lyrics - Disney":

when it comes to brins I tke the cke
'Cus I'm  genious mke no mistke

From "Ode To Fnny" by John Kets:

Or with  rude hnd brek
The scrmentl cke:

From "Lum-de-loo" by Bee Gees:

Well, I'll be  lwmn's piece of cke
(lum-de lum-de-loo)
But before they get me , my life I'll tke
(lum-de lum-de-loo)

From "Prodigl Son" by Bruce Springsteen:

And the mid comes in with coffee nd cke
In  low-cut dress she wore just for your ske

From "Herse" by Ani Difrnco:

is just icing on the cke,
there is nothing like dncing,
our dnce of give nd tke,
one step forwrd,

From "Mrgritville" by Jimmy Buffett:

Nibblin' on sponge cke
Wtchin' the sun bke

From "Wht Are You Doing The Rest Of Your Life?" by Dusty Springfield:

And when you stnd before the cndles on  cke
Oh, let me be the one to her the silent wish you mke

From "Bstille Dy" by Rush:

There's no bred, let them et cke
There's no end to wht they'll tke

From "Alison" by Mrk Knopfler:

In the wedding cke?
You used to hold him right in your hnd
I'll bet he took ll he could tke

From "Doll Prts" by Hole:

I wnt to be the girl with the most cke
He only loves those things becuse he loves to see me brek

From "Hell Yeh (Remix)" by Ginuwine:

This is wht you cll presidentil cke up
Shke your money mker until the night brek up

From "It All Comes Down To Love" by Fith Hill:

I light the cndles nd I cut the cke
Mke  wish for every hert tht breks
Sweet forgiveness never mde  mistke
You know it ll comes down to

From "Up so Close" by Cke:

I put my fce down in the cke
My feet were fliling in  lke

From "Nothin' Song" by Alice In Chins:

Bck inside Sm, throw wy your cke
Went outside to give ll  brek

From "Hi Hter (Remix)" by Mino:

Wht's up? They ll wnt the cke
But I'm  chef so I gott show 'em how to bke

From "Te For Two" by Blossom Derie:

And I will bke  sugr cke
For you to tke

From "Tbles Will Turn" by Foxy Brown:

Bby Chm nd Foxy Brown, h we tke the cke
Drop  bomb on them now it's like  erthquke

From "Cheers Drlin'" by Dmien Rice:

A piece of your cke?
Wht m I, drlin?
The boy you cn fer?
Or your biggest mistke?

From "Fire Lke" by Bob Seger:

He ws the one frid to cut the cke
Who wnts to tell poor unt srh
Joe's run off to fire lke
Joe's run off to fire lke

From "You Don't Know Me" by Blck Rob:

Right, look, I ws out of town getting cke
With Moore nd Little Shke

From "Alison" by Lind Ronstdt:

Well did he leve your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cke
You used to hold him right in your hnd
Ah but he took ll he could tke

From "Run Di Plce" by Buju Bnton:

A sell dem sell very chep fi fruit cke
DJ, clen the pttn, grb  broom, hol the rke

From "In nd Around Greg Lke" by Wondermints:

But I wke, mountins pop out of the cke
In nd round Greg Lke

From "A By By (The Rtchet Remix)" by Hurricne Chris:

Rubberbnds round csh im mkin cke
A by by wht we gone et tody I wnt me some stek

From "Eyes of  Womn" by Agneth Fltskog:

We get  bit of the good life,  piece of the cke
And enough of the hrd times to keep us wke.

From "Sex, Drugs, And Rrsp's" by Arrognt Worms, The:

Mry ntoinette enjoyed her cke
She cused  revolution when she would not shre
And her husbnd lost his hed for tht mistke

From "Cnd" by Milow:

After Cnd the USA's  piece of cke
All the sles records I'll brek

From "Unplugged" by Snot:

And in't no fke gonn stel my cke
Our spirits much tough to brek

From "Dude Vs. Homie" by B-Rel:

Homie over here's tryin to tke his cke
He's just sittin in the cut witin for  mistke

From "Who's Got The Weed" by G Love And Specil Suce:

mkes you humble for the pot, I know he's ccustomed to the cke
come on, lets listen to some six-pck of crumbs nd shke

From "Crnivl Sense" by The Gdjits:

You trded in your rel mn for triler life nd funnel cke
Don't sy the doctor never wrned you bout the side effects of wht you tke

From "Love Ain't Money" by Binco Bonnie:

Wnt  big piece of the cke
If you look out of the window
You'll see it's  big mistke

From "Honey Chile" by Mrth:

Is sweeter thn the cke
Tht grndm used to mke

From "Knock Me A Kiss" by Jordn Louis:

I like cke,
And no mistke.

From "Knock Me A Kiss" by Jordn Louis:

I'll cut out cke
Just for your ske.

From "Birthdy Sex (Rizmo Remix) [fet. R. Kelly, Pitbull]" by Bertell:

Don't need cndles nd cke
Just need your body to mke...

From "Don't Let Me Go" from "Don't Let Me Go Lyrics - Shrek musicl":

But not n old ldy hip tht might brek
I'm gonn be on you like  ft kid on cke!

From "A Spoonful of Sugr (Mry Poppins)" from "A Spoonful of Sugr (Mry Poppins) Lyrics - Disney":

Nd ev'ry tsk you undertke
Becomes  piece of cke

From "Hook's Tngo" from "Hook's Tngo Lyrics - Peter Pn musicl":

(the boys who hve no mother sweet)
No one to show them their mistke
(won't know it's dngerous to et)
So dmp nd rich  cke-

From "Getting Mrried Tody" from "Getting Mrried Tody Lyrics - Compny musicl":

AMY:So tke
Bck the cke,

From "All I Ask (Is you love me)" from "All I Ask (Is you love me) Lyrics - Fme Becomes Me musicl":

And mke no mistke
Tht my ego needs support
The wy John Goodmn needs cke

From "Toledo Surprise" from "Toledo Surprise Lyrics - Drowsy Chperone, The musicl":

Mkes me twitch, mkes me shke,
this dessert, tkes the cke,

From "A Spoonful of Sugr" from "A Spoonful of Sugr Lyrics - Mry Poppins musicl":

And ev'ry tsk you undertke
Becomes  piece of cke

From "Wht's The Use?" from "Wht's The Use? Lyrics - Cndide musicl":

Yes, I'm clever, but where does it get me?
My employer gets ll of my tke;
All I get is my dily spghetti,
While he gorges on truffles nd cke.

From "No Time At All" from "No Time At All Lyrics - Pippin musicl":

I've never wondered if I ws frid
When there ws  chllenge to tke
I never thought bout how much I weighed
When there ws still one piece of cke

From "I'm Professor Ludwig Von Drke (Wlt Disney's Wonderful World of Color)" from "I'm Professor Ludwig Von Drke (Wlt Disney's Wonderful World of Color) Lyrics - Disney":

'cus I'm professor Ludwig Von Drke
when it comes to brins I tke the cke

From "The Gme" from "The Gme Lyrics - Bounce musicl":

It's more thn just the money tht's t stke.
Tht's nice, but it's just icing on the cke.

From "Better Yourself" from "Better Yourself Lyrics - Wr Pint musicl":

See your mistke
Not n enticing effect to be icing your fce like  cke

From "Smorgsbord" by Elvis Presley:

Some tke just pple pie, some tke just cke
I'll tke the dish I plese,
plese the dish I tke

From "Hppy Birthdy Drlin'" by Conwy Twitty:

Hppy birthdy drling, I've no present, no fncy cke
But I hope I'll mke you hppy with everything I tke.

From "The Everlsting Now" by Prince:

Vnill fudge nd wedding cke
If u should die b4 u wke

From "Sunshine Cke" by Frnk Sintr:

We ought to bke  sunshine cke,
It does more good thn  big thick stek,

From "Sunshine Cke" by Frnk Sintr:

[We ought to bke  sunshine cke]
(It isn't relly so hrd to mke)

From "Sunshine Cke" by Frnk Sintr:

[So why not bke  sunshine cke,]
Of course it my keep your drems wke.

From "Mke Our Grden Grow" by Brbr Streisnd:

I thought the world ws sugr cke
For so our mster sid
But now I'll tech my hnds to bke
Our lof of dily bred

From "Wht Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life?" by Brbr Streisnd:

before the cndles on  cke
Oh let me be the one to her
the silent wish you mke

From "I'm so cute" by Frnk Zpp:

He's  piece of cke
>From the ginseng root
'N' stuff he tke
Vitmin E

From "Old Time's Ske" by Eminem:

It's s esy s pie, nd s simple s cke
Dre get on the mic nd mke 'em tremble nd shke

From "We Mde You" by Eminem:

Mtter fct mke me  birthdy cke
With  sw blde in it to mke my jil brek

From "Come Around My Wy" by Snoop Dogg:

Celebrte, drink up, get your cke up,
Mybe pick your mke up!

From "Alison" by Elvis Costello:

Did you leve your pretty fingers flying in the wedding cke?
You used to hold him right in your hnd
I bet it took ll he could tke
Sometimes I wish tht I could stop you from tlkin'

From "Diet Song" by Bobby Bre:

And I'm thinkin' of french fries, susge nd wffles
Spghetti nd cookies nd cke
And ech night I'm dremin' of chocolte ice crem.
And I'm strvin' to deth when I wke.

From "Dnce Little Jen" by John Denver:

About the time the couple cut the cke
But we styed nd we plyed ll night long
For love nd lughs nd little Jennie ske

From "Spirit In The Night" by Bruce Springsteen:

nd jney's fingers were in the cke
i think i relly dug her becuse i ws to loose to fke

From "Tht Mkes Two Of Us" by Reb McEntire:

While blowing out the cndles on  birthdy cke
Gentle hugs nd lightning bugs
Stying up ll night to wtch the morning brek
We've got so much in common

From "I Am" by Bon Jovi:

Blow out the cndles on the cke
Like everything's  big mistke

From "Chmpgne Si', Agu No" by Jimmy Buffett:

Running this hotel is no piece of cke
So cut me some slck people give me  brek

From "Six String Music" by Jimmy Buffett:

some folks like cke
some swim in the ocen
some pddle in the lke
now u cn get into bethoven

From "Brutl Plnet" by Alice Cooper:

He sid don't worry it's  piece of cke
And sent us swimming in  burning lke

From "Hedlines" by Alice Cooper:

I popped out from  cke
At the president's bll wht  big mistke

From "Christms Drem" by Ferlin Husky:

Poor old pp crved the turkey nd little sister cut the cke
Then we bowed our heds nd ll gve thnk
We sid, ''In Jesus nme nd for his ske.''
I hd  lovely Christms with my fmily

From "Too Mny People" by Pul McCrtney:

Too mny people going underground
Too mny reching for  piece of cke
Too mny people pulled nd pushed round
Too mny witing for tht lucky brek

From "Do You Mind?" by Robbie Willims:

you sick little cup cke,
You could be  keepske,

From "Where Did They Go" by Nn Mouskouri:

Now it's time to light nother cndle on the cke
Join me in  glss of wine, if just for old time's ske

From "A very extrordinry sort of girl" by Gilbert O'Sullivn:

Why don't you tke  stone nd et it just s if it were  cke
You could be surprised to see the sort of things tht she cn bke

From "I'm A Gngst" by Mster P:

It in't hrd to tell, you know I get cke
The sound system in my six-fo' sound like I kidnpped  erthquke

From "The Wedding Cke" by Connie Frncis:

It ll comes with the wedding cke
Yes, for ll who will prtke

From "Ldies' Mn" by Joni Mitchell:

But you tke the cke
Ldies' mn
You could chrm the dimonds
Off  rttlesnke

From "I Live In A Cke" by Nofx:

I live in  cke,
The one tht I mke,

From "Brimstone And Fire" by Cyndi Luper:

I mke spghetti, she brings cke
I mke spghetti with tomto suce,
becuse tht's ll I cn mke
And when she lights the cndles

From "Welcome to Hertbrek (fet. Kid Cudi)" by Knye West:

I hd to leve before they even cut the cke.
Welcome to hertbrek.

From "I'm The One" by Chmillionire:

I'm the one tht get the cke
I'm the one tht isn't fke

From "Won't Let You Down (extended Texs Version)" by Chmillionire:

The streets is tlkin nd they tellin me to go get tht cke
No time to wste, I cn't wit, cuse I got bred to brek

From "The Min Event" by Chmillionire:

I swer it in't been the sme ever since I got cke
My hustle is high rte, so hters re irte
Every dollr I cn mke, I'm  get it 'til the dy of my wke
I'm on  pper chse for pies, yeh tht cookies nd cke

From "The Min Event" by Chmillionire:

I'm on  pper chse for pies, yeh tht cookies nd cke
And hold it down for my stte, tlkin down's  mistke

From "A Century of Fkers" by Belle & Sebstin:

And you're filling your ft fce with every different kind of cke
And if you ever go lrdy, or go lme
I will drop you stright wy
Tht's the chnce you've got to tke

From "Cigrettes Will Kill You" by Ben Lee:

You serve me up with cke
And tht's your big mistke

From "Bukowski" by Modest Mouse:

Well ll tht icing nd ll tht cke,
I cn't mke it to your wedding, but I'm sure I'll be t your wke.

From "Alison" by Everything But The Girl:

Did he leve your pretty fingers lying
in the wedding cke?
You used to hold him right in your hnd.
I'll bet he took ll he could tke.

From "Hell Yeh" by Ginuwine:

This is wht you cll presidentil cke up
Shke your money mker, Till the night brek up

From "Hell Yeh[Remix]" by Ginuwine:

Nh m this is not your jcob
This is wht you cll presidentil cke up
Shke your money mker
Til tyhe night brek up

From "Get Down" by Cm'ron:

Remember I'm gonn spend my cke
Remember Jim we getting out of five eights (projects)
Now chefs will fry us steks (thts true)
Its  higher stke

From "Living  Lie" by Cm'ron:

Yeh I VV'd the stones, dog I'm into cke
I sell records but my rel job...intersttes ("I" WHATEVER!)
I been n pe, dimonds in the dinner plte
I'm  winner, fish in my crib....I got  winter lke!

From "Nobody" by Replcements:

You like the frosting, you just bought the cke
Your eyes cn't fke

From "Mr. Mom" by Lonestr:

The kids won't et my chrcol cke
It's more thn ny mn cn tke

From "Put Em' On (fet. Sttic nd Yoshmine)" by Timblnd:

Plyin' ptty cke (ptty cke)
My momm's in the kitchen (kitchen)
Wit' the Shke 'n Bke
Mgoo got on the stockin' cp

From "End Of My" by Michel Bublé:

Thinking bout you is the icing on the cke.
Mkes me relize the fct you're gone for good for goodness ske.

From "Counting Sheep" by Collin Rye:

Now they're out in the woods eting ice-crem nd cke
Dncing 'round nd round tht's why I'm wke

From "Heven's Where You Find It" by Little Fet:

Sweeter thn  buckwhet cke
Cn't you see love's in your bckyrd
Right here witin' for you to tke

From "Dnce Little Jen" by Nitty Gritty Dirt Bnd:

About the time the couple cut the cke
But we plyed s long s they styed
For love lst nd little Jenie's ske

From "God Wnn" by Everlst:

It's time to get wise, rise, nd cut the cke
Don't tke much for the Erth to quke

From "Dri" by Cke:

iceing on  cke
or  serene trnslucent lke

From "Wsh Us Awy" by In Hunter:

Crved our initils on top of the cke
The hert nd the rrow - the rttle nd the snke

From "Here On Erth (I'll Hve My Cke)" by Crsh Test Dummies:

Here on erth I'll hve my cke
Gonn et it too, mke no mistke

From "Scles To Skin" by Stor:

I'm the cndles on you're cke
And if you're Ev then I'm the snke

From "Stlemte" by Nd Surf:

when do i jump out of the cke
when do we dmit it's  fke

From "Little Mysteries" by Rickie Lee Jones:

fmous for his cke
nd when the boys cme over from texs
they sid "we'll tke everything we cn tke..."

From "Heven Is A Beef Pie" by Los Amigos:

So if you wnt to come to my heven
Where we're ll gonn hve  cke.
And everyone you know is welcome.
But where some pnts for god ske.

From "Chocolte Cke" by Crowded House:

Cn I hve nother piece of chocolte cke?
Tmmy Bker's got  lot on her plte
Cn I buy nother chep Picsso fke?
Andy Wrhol must be lughing in his grve

From "Why (clen version)" by Jdkiss:

Why my homeys in't get tht cke
Why is  brother up North better thn Jordn
Tht in't get tht brek

From "Silent (fet. Ghostfce Killh)" by GZA:

Hlf bked, etin' gnj cke
Tryin' to mke my next relese dte
With Ghost, Street, GZA, gret minds relte
You know  brother bond is hrd to brek

From "Spirits In The Night" by Mnfred Mnn:

Jney's fingers were in the cke
I think I relly dug her, I ws too loose to fke

From "Gimme Tht" by Pul Wll:

Come Up Off Of My Cke
Bett Hook Me Up Like Bit
Or You'll Be Flotin' Off In The Lke

From "Push Em Bck" by Young Buck:

If I told you wht I mke, everytime I flip  cke
You would probbly try to tke, the sme trip tht I tke

From "Llm Llm Duck" by Nickelodeon:

i lived in  cke
but i never sw the wy
the ornge slyed the rke
i ws only three yers ded

From "To the End" by My Chemicl Romnce:

I'll forget ll the dimonds you te.
Lost in com nd covered in cke.
Increse the mediction.
Shre the vows t the wke.

From "Kindness For Wekness" by Dilted Peoples:

All's fir in love nd wr, piece of cke
But beef is rre like  bloody piece of stek

From "El Moro" by Outlndish:

Climing the got bcks but they never shre their cke
Tlking 'bout shring but ll they do is tke

From "Americn Mde" by Jck Off Jill:

Give me  cke
Tht I cn mix nd bke

From "A Golden Hndshke for Every Dughter" by Chin Crisis:

And  piece of the wedding cke
Run from your houses
And your summer lovers
Love is ll you cn tke

From "Cke" by Lloyd Bnks:

to get the money the MONEY the MONEY the MONEY the CAKE
nd you muthfucks lookin like stek

From "Officer Down" by Lloyd Bnks:

4-fizzy, I'm in the loop wit Biggie, piece of fruit CAKE
They don't wnt no problems wtch they boots SHAKE

From "Spirit in the Night" by Mnfred Mnn's Erth Bnd:

And Jney's fingers were in the cke
I think I relly dug her cuse I ws too loose to fke

From "JckInABox" by Turin Brkes:

Ain't no piece of cke
But life in't dishing nothing I cn't tke

From "Somebody Up There" by Amerie:

it hsn't lwys been  piece of cke
we hd mistkes to mke

From "Alison" by Butch Wlker:

Did you leve your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cke?
You used to hold him right in your hnd
'Til he took ll he could tke

From "Just My Imgintion" by Mc Miller:

on my wy up, gettin my cke up
wke up

From "The Shke" by Nel McCoy:

Looks ren't tht importnt
Just icing on the cke
Wht relly turns me on
Is the shke.

From "Here Comes The Snke" by Cherry Poppin' Dddies:

Wnt you to come get  file in your cke
I know he did you wrong nd I'm here to give y
wht you wnted ll long
Here comes the snke

From "Nice 'N' Net" by Boomtown Rts:

He lost his slice of the eternl cke
Well, God's in His Heven nd He's on the tke

From "Dimond Smiles" by Boomtown Rts:

The girl in the cke
Jumped out too soon by mistke,

From "Ghetto Strz !" by Onyx:

As we keep you wired, so up the stkes, cut the cke
Regulte, we delegte nd ded they tke

From "Mount Zion" by Gentlemn:

dem sin  pile up on dem nd it  cke up
bbylon your world go get shke up

From "Never Fll In Love" by Dn Bern:

Won't feed the birds bred boys, let them et cke
I'll lock my doors, click click click bng bng
When I'm not wke

From "Blow Me A Dub (Remix)" by Mx B:

I'll mke my money, set my cke up
Only got 23 dys nd then wke up

From "Tngerine (fet. T.I.)" by Big Boi:

Now, let's set it stright, B-I-G don't cuff or cke
I, put her on  plte until she's no longer wke

From "Choosy Beggr" by Smokey Robinson:

People sy you cn't hve your cke
nd then et it too.
They tell me I've been mking  mistke
witing round for you.

From "Especilly Me" by Low:

Some songs sound like cke
This little number is for your ske

From "Y'll Ain't Mkin' No Money" by Webbie:

stright to the hood to see some new cke
ye tht crown will mess with my shke

From "Do It Mn" by Mst Ace:

I gott sty wke when I hold the cke
'cuse the grim reper looking for  soul to tke

From "Redy Or Not" by Fugees:

Those who could relte know the world in't cke
Jil brs in't golden gtes
Those who fke, they brek,
When they meet their 400 pound mte

From "Going Home With Me" by Jermine Dupri:

Where you sid put the cke
How you fed me the grpes
Wht I did with the ice tht mde you shke, shke
Now when the night's over nd the girl is gone

From "Penut Butter Sndwich" by Shel Silverstein:

soup nd his kingly cke
And told his courtly cook to bke

From "Diet Song" by Shel Silverstein:

spghetti nd cookies nd cke
And ech night I'm dremin' of chocolte ice crem nd
I'm strvin' to deth when I wke ll for your ske

From "Worm & The Rttlesnke" by Godley & Creme:

He sid you try it, I sid it's  piece of cke
But I knew he knew, I ws  worm not  rttlesnke

From "Too Much Sugr" by Brin Wilson:

Too much sugr nd too much cke
You'll end up with  belly che

From "Birthdy Cke" by Cibo Mtto:

Are you mde or broken by the birthdy cke?
You my be slower on the uptke

From "While I've Still Got Time" by Drius Rucker:

Thirty-nine (39) cndles burnt out on  cke
Ech representin'  million mistkes
The lst one still burns, there's  wish I cn mke
This time I'm getting' it right

From "Cliforni English" by Vmpire Weekend:

Sweet crob rice cke
She don't cre how the sweets tste
Fke Philly cheese stek
But she use rel toothpste

From "(when She Wnts Good Lovin') My Bby Comes To Me" by Delbert McClinton:

Well, she go to see the bker when she wnts  cke
She go to see the butcher when she wnts  stek

From "Life Is Wht U Mke It" by Outlws:

Trveling nd stcking the cke
After my wke

From "Strwberry Mousse" by Anjli:

I've got some mochomo cke
Strwberry mousse, it will mke your hert quke

From "How I Mde It" by Mrio Winns:

now my cke up
now it's lights, cmers, mke up

From "Rge In The Cge" by J. Geils Bnd:

Mn, this relly tkes the cke
This town is like  prison
And I just got to mke my brek
They sy "Be cutious, little mister"

From "You Turn Me On" by Ugly Americns:

You bke my cke
I drem bout you
When I'm wide wke
Wht I'm trying to sy is I like the wy

From "Discosis" by Brn Vn 3000:

Cutting the cke
Put it in your oven to bke

From "Cribou nd Cke" by Scrling:

I'm cke
It got so hevy thought the ground would shke

From "Good Ship Lollipop" by Pul Potts:

see the sugr bowl do  tootsi roll nd the bd devils food cke
nd if you et too much ooh ooh you will wke with tummy che

From "Drems" by Nn:

I wnn hve my piece of cke
Seperte good from the bd nd fke

From "Who Wnts This" by Smilez And Southstr:

Yeh nd I'm bout cke
If you not then skte
Y mn flow like wter, throw him in  lke
My rhymes cigrettes, I wnt more beverges

From "Violet" by Cre Bers On Fire:

Violet wnts ice crem, Violet wnts cke
Violet's got drems, you cn't tke

From "The Avenue" by Roll Deep:

I wnt the whole of the cke
Just think bout wht  gret couple we mke

From "Swet It Out" by Dondri:

For the birthdy cke
Swet it out
Look t you look like  milkshke
Swet it out

From "Clp" by Young Rome:

Been like this ever since I got my cke up
Pick up the dirt off the concrete nd shke up

From "Dlls After Midnight" by Ry Wylie Hubbrd:

I flshed  grin nd sid, Jck this is gonn be  piece of cke
Lter tonight we'll hed down to the Lst Stnd, split up the tke.

From "Project" by Turk:

They do whtever it tkes to keep  lil' cke
Ctch them  duck, they wnt everything tht he mke

From "Here Come The Mrtin Mrtins" by Jonthn Richmn:

Well, here come the Mrtins
Bking up  Mrtin cke
We better find out right now
Wht kind of flvor do these Mrtins mke.

From "Sty Pretty" by Frewell:

but the something on the side is wht tkes the cke
nd the surplus of uppers nd ppritions
re the only things tht keep me up
keep me wke

From "Little Let Down" by Dept Hte:

These limittions tht burden me must be the icing on your cke
The ptience you've been gifted with how much more cn you tke?

From "Dimonds Or Perl" by Alejndro Fuentes:

To much icind on the cke
Is it more thn I cn tke?

From "Honey Chile" by Mrth Reeves And The Vndells:

But your kiss is sweeter thn the cke
Tht Grndm used to bke

From "Muzik" by Knoc-Turn'Al:

My hert, my soul, my cndy, my cke
My pltinum, my gold, my lnd, my gte
My Benz, my lke
My keys, my money, my love, my hte

From "Hter Dy" by Cnton Jones:

I'm  bke  hter cke tody
Buy em shke tody

From "Tuesdy" by Thecomputernerd01:

Bking , bking  CAKE.
Printing out, printing out DRAKE.

From "Weighing Me Down" by Mrty Cin:

seems like  cke
slippin' through the lyers of illusion tht you bke

From "Multiple Mysteries" by Violent J:

Being tht we ugly, it in't  piece of cke.
But we get our fir shke}

From "It Ain't Esy" by Slimm Cutt Clhoun:

I'm selfish got to hve the pie nd the whole cke
Working non-stop no breks for the house on the lke

From "Bby Polygon" by Dethry:

comin' round for devil's cke
rising up out of the lke

From "The Second Mile" by Russ Lee:

There were no blloons or cke
Wht  difference some time with you could mke

From "Cndy Br Correct" by Keith Murry:

Drk, rich nd thick like  fresh bked cke
Just thinking of your shpe girl I ctch  tooth che

From "Young Money" by Vit Chmbers:

I'm crving the tste of the cke
Like Weezy nd Drke

From "Mollywhoppin'" by Stunnmn:

Where you goin'? Where I'm goin? Finn get the cke!/
Lst week, I swer to god, I mde the street brek

From "If I Knew You Were Comin' I'd've Bked  Cke" by Vrious Artists:

If I knew you were comin' I'd've bked  cke
Hired  bnd, goodness ske

From "FROGGIE WENT A COURTIN'" by Bob Dyln:

Next to come in ws  big blck snke, Uh-huh,
Next to come in ws  big blck snke, Uh-huh,
Next to come in ws  big blck snke.
Ate up ll of the wedding cke, Uh-huh.

From "Heven's on Fire" by Kiss:

You mke me shiver nd shke
Bby don't stop, tke it to the top
Et it like  piece of cke

From "Who" by Eshm:

For goodness ske
Her nme is Little Debbie, nd I love her cke

From "Crdle Chin" by Soul Asylum:

If I die before I wke
Light  fuse, bke  cke

From "Somethings Gott Give" by LeAnn Rimes:

Jenny's got  job,  ct nmed Jke
Thirty-one cndles on her birthdy cke

From "Food Innuendo Guy" by Adm Sndler:

Oh wht will it tke
Don't go so soon
You'll miss my crrot cke
And my crem of mushroom

From "21 Questions" by 50 Cent:

We only humns girl we mke mistkes, to mke it up I do whtever it tke
I love you like  ft kid love cke

From "Finnegn's Wke" by Dropkick Murphys:

His friends ssembled t his wke
And Missus Finnegn clled for lunch
First they brought in ty nd cke
Then pipes, tobcco nd whiskey punch

From "Hell Yeh Remix FT R.Kelly Bby And Clipse" by Ginuwine:

Nh m, this is not your jke up
This is wht you cll, 'Presidentil Cke Up'

From "Humn Animl" by Biohzrd:

Everyone hs limits, only so much you cn tke
Antgonizing pressure is the icing on the cke

From "Ded World" by Sttic-X:

This rule I brek
King of my world
I et my cke

From "Mr. Mom" by Lonestr:

How much smoke cn one stove mke
The kids won't et my chrcol cke

From "Rod To Heven" by Five For Fighting:

I got to get some sleep before I'm wke
Up with the monkeys, I sure love the monkeys
But this job in't ll cookies nd cke

From "Finnegn's Wke" by 1:

His friends ssembled t the wke.
And Mrs. Finnegn clled for lunch,
They brought in te nd whisky cke.
Then pipes, tobcco nd brndy punch.

From "It's ll too much" by Betles, The:

It's ll too much for me to tke
The love tht's shining ll round here
All the world is birthdy cke
So tke  piece but not too much

From "Dy After Tomorrow" by Mino:

Tryin' to sty rel in the industry tht's fke
I in't tryin sell my soul but I'm tryin get this cke

From "Te For Two" by Blossom Derie:

Dy will brek nd you'll wke
And I will bke  sugr cke

From "Grindin'" by Clipse:

Not to mention the hidewy tht rests by the lke
Consider my rw demenor the icing on the cke

From "Dremnics" by Bettie Serveert:

One lst time I'll tke  brek
Life is just  piece of cke

From "Bby" by LL Cool J:

I'm relly not sure if her brests re fke
'cuse wit whipped crem on em, they tste just like cke

From "Still Throwed" by ABN:

Uh I couldn't fford lobster, I couldn't fford stek
So  three piece chicken wing dinner tht's wht I te
Most friends were broke, only  couple hd cke
Sleepin outside, I hd no where to tke my dtes

From "Bd Things" by Wednesdy 13:

It would be relly gret if you drowned in  lke
Or put  bg over your fce nd wtched you suffocte
I'd celebrte t your wke, I'd bke myself  cke
'Cuse you're my fvorite person tht I love to hte

From "Shooter" by Birdmn & Lil Wyne:

I'm ply x-ry, helpin' y'll see the fke
I'm just tryin' to be the gret, tryin' to get  piece of cke

From "Get At Me" by Rs Kss:

Mke no mistke
You cn't get  slice if you don't bke the cke

From "300 Brs & Runnin'" by The Gme:

Ask them to scrtch  record, you will see he fke
If 50 ws Puffy, you'd run nd go get him  cheese cke

From "Troubled Mn" by Big Dddy Kne:

Tht itself mkes  brother wnn brek
But bein n entertiner puts the icin on the cke

From "Mentl Side Effects" by Dr Octgon:

The money we mke, the hookers we tke
Your pockets we shke for cke

From "The Hppy Hppy Birthdy Song" by Arrognt Worms, The:

How much more cn you tke?
But your friends re hungry
So just cut the stupid cke

From "A Quke! A Quke!" by Animnics:

How much more cn we tke?
We thought tht we hd seen it ll
But this one tkes the cke

From "Unplugged" by Snot:

You, you tke, our livelihood t stke
And in't no fke gonn stel my cke

From "Who's Got The Weed" by G Love And Specil Suce:

if they don't, then just brek 'em off, they gott bke
mkes you humble for the pot, I know he's ccustomed to the cke

From "Oklhom" by Bishop Allen:

When you strtled me wke,
I'm  mn - I insist you insist on  piece of cke

From "Oklhom" by Bishop Allen:

And you'll find I threw it in  lke,
You're  mn - You insist I insist on  piece of cke

From "You Went The Wrong Wy Old King Louie" by Shermn Alln:

And lso crepe suzettes nd stek.
And when they told your wife Mrie
Tht nobody hd bred, she sid
"Let 'em et cke."

From "So Sick" by Kiske Michel:

If now I didn't mke  point- there is no point to mke
I don't wnt  piece of your cke!

From "Lzymuthfuck" by The Coup:

Now, when I go to bed it's lmost time to wke up
Tryin' not to go to jil, tryin' not to cke up

From "We From The LBC (Feturing Snoop Dogg)" by Bd Azz:

Club, it's csh to mke
We smsh for cke

From "Tonight" by Soft Boys:

In the trils the eroplnes mke
In n old ge pension-less cke

From "The Everlsting Now" by Prince:

Electric beches skin do bke
Vnill fudge nd wedding cke

From "Chocolte Box" by Prince:

Wht Difference Does It Mke?
U Know U Cn'T Mke Chocolte Cke

From "Cherry Pies Ought To Be You with Rosemry Clooney" by Frnk Sintr:

You re so enticing, I'm strting to shke,
(You re just the icing to put on my cke)

From "Tke  Tiger By the Til" by Eddy Arnold:

I shke  rttle on  snke
Et  crocodile cke

From "Cocine decisions" by Frnk Zpp:

We must wtch the stuff you mke
You hve let us et the cke

From "Work Tht Body" by Din Ross:

Every morning when we wke
To mke up for tht piece of cke

From "We Mde You" by Eminem:

You're my Amy, I'm your Blke
Mtter fct mke me  birthdy cke

From "Te For Two And Two For Te" by Neil Dimond:

Dy will brek nd you'll wke
And strt to bke  sugr cke

From "Blow (Mick Boogie Mix)" by Lil Wyne:

send her to the money she be bck before i wke up
h get your cke up

From "I'm A Dboy" by Lil Wyne:

Send her to the money she be bck before I wke up
Get ch cke up

From "I Ain't Gonn Stnd For It" by Eric Clpton:

I don't wnt to mistrust somebody by mistke.
Somebody's been digging 'round in my cke.

From "Strwberry Cke" by Johnny Csh:

My hunger pins hurt 'til I thought I would brek
When  witer brought out  big strwberry cke

From "Strwberry Cke" by Johnny Csh:

I hid in the bush when the led I did tke
And I quietly finished my strwberry cke

From "Hooked" by Snoop Dogg:

Tht's on the C, DPG will never brek up
There's too much motherfuckin' pper to cke up

From "In the Cool, Cool, Cool of the Evening" by Bette Midler:

Jke wnts  weenie bke,
stke nd  lyer cke.

From "Wr Dnce" by XTC:

Keeping Fleet Street wide wke
Everyone wnts  slice of
The jingoistic cke
And they're resurrecting Churchill

From "Humn Alchemy" by XTC:

All we hd to do ws go nd tke
Blood the colour rin tht grew our wicked hrvest
Blck the colour icing on our cke
An lchemy, humn lchemy

From "Spirit In The Night" by Bruce Springsteen:

Buy by the time we mde it up to gresy lke
i hd my hed out the window
nd jney's fingers were in the cke
i think i relly dug her becuse i ws to loose to fke

From "I'd Rther Ride Around With You" by Reb McEntire:

There's wy too mny decisions to mke
The length of the dress
The lyers on the cke
Oh one of these dys I might get mrried too

From "Piece Of Cke" by Jethro Tull:

I could be on your shelf, could be the risk you tke.
I'm  cup of hot coffee, I'm  piece of cke.

From "Piece Of Cke" by Jethro Tull:

I could be on your shelf, could be the bred you bke.
I cn fill your lrder, I'm  piece of cke.

From "Piece Of Cke" by Jethro Tull:

If you set me to simmer, if you grill my stek--
you cn bowl me over, I'm  piece of cke.

From "Trip Around The Sun" by Jimmy Buffett:

Better think bout the wish I mke
This yer gone by
Been piece of cke

From "Brutl Plnet" by Alice Cooper:

We took dvice from tht deceiving snke
He sid don't worry it's  piece of cke

From "Hndbgs And Gldrgs" by Rod Stewrt:

Sing  song of six-pence for your ske
And tke  bottle full of rye
Four nd twenty blckbirds in  cke
And bke them ll in  pie

From "Bech Chir" by Jy-Z:

Life is but  drem to me i dont wnn wke up
odd yers without hving my cke up

From "U Don't Know (Remix)" by Jy-Z:

You dudes is noodles, I got more ziti to bke
You dudes is cke

From "Hppy Birthdy" by Weird Al Ynkovic:

If it's more thn you cn tke,
Then blow out the cndles, nd hve  piece of cke!

From "If It Ain't One Thing (It's You)" by Aln Jckson:

Then I went to the freezer thought I'd cook me  stek
All I found ws tht old piece of our wedding cke.

From "It's De-Lovely" by Robbie Willims:

The night is tired nd so we tke
The few hours off to et wedding cke

From "I Ain't Gonn Stnd For It" by Stevie Wonder:

Don't wnn mistrust nobody by mistke
But I her tell someone's been diggin round in my cke

From "Disster Cke" by Cher:

I hte to see you mke
Cuse the only food they sell there
Is clled Disster Cke

From "Disster Cke" by Cher:

Tht'll be your first mistke
'Cuse the recipe you're mking
Is for Disster Cke

From "Disster Cke" by Cher:

'Cuse your world is bout to brek
And the crumbs they're selling fter
Are from Disster Cke

From "The Wedding Cke" by Connie Frncis:

Much more thn just the money he cn mke
And every womn knows  lot of joy nd ters
Come with the wedding cke

From "The Wedding Cke" by Connie Frncis:

Every womn knows  lot of give nd tke
Comes with the wedding cke

From "Wht Is This Note?" by Eels:

to relize tht i m wke
nd tht living tody will be
 piece of cke

From "Gettin' Money (soundsmith)" by Fbolous:

when the bones in y' pelvis brek.
Bentley drop cost two-hundred nd twelve to tke, red gut, white pint,
Red Velvet cke

From "The Wedding Cke" by Connie Smith:

You know the mesure of  mn is much more
Thn just the money he cn mke
And every womn knows  lot of
Joy nd ters come with the wedding cke.

From "The Wedding Cke" by Connie Smith:

We'll lugh nd sy for ll who will prtke
It ll comes with the wedding cke...

From "Crntion" by Osis:

I trmple down ll life in my wke
I et it up nd tke the cke

From "Perpetul Motion" by Anthrx:

And decisions tht I mke
In time I've erned my cke,

From "Sesoned" by E-40:

But tht's h chnce, tht I'm hve to h tke
Tody my son birthdy nd I cn't even buy  cke

From "Welcome to Hertbrek (fet. Kid Cudi)" by Knye West:

My god sister's gettin' mrried by the lke,
But I couldn't figure out who I'd wnn tke.
Bd enough tht I showed up lte,
I hd to leve before they even cut the cke.

From "The Joy (fet. Jy-Z nd Kid Cudi)" by Knye West:

Gve her  hndshke only for my mn's ske
She in her birthdy suit cuse of the dmn cke

From "Cigrettes Will Kill You" by Ben Lee:

You love to wtch me bke
You serve me up with cke

From "Froggie Went A-Courtin" by Burl Ives:

The next to come were the Duck nd Drke,
Who te every crumb of the wedding cke.

From "Bby" by L.L. Cool J:

I?m relly not sure if her brests re fke
Cuz wit whipped crem on em, they tste just like cke

From "I'm About to Get Her" by L.L. Cool J:

The bech front estte, meg ycht by the lke
The sfe in the floor with  life time of cke

From "Afterprty (fet. Ghostfce Killh)" by Method Mn:

And U-G. hd  mster hedche
Him nd Genius flew bck from, Ugnd blck, gettin' tht cke

From "Sil wy" by Joe Cocker:

Ain't no lions or tigers-in't no mmb snke
Just the sweet wtermelon nd the buckwhet cke

From "In Th Cut" by Wiz Khlif:

Wke up bke up
Gott get my cke up

From "French Lundry" by Al Stewrt:

No revolution's gonn keep me wke."
Mrie sid "Just let them et cke"

From "Hndbgs And Gldrgs" by Stereophonics:

Sing  song of six-pence for your ske
And drink  bottle full of rye
Four nd twenty blckbirds in  cke
And bke them ll in  pie

From "Mtthew And Son" by Ct Stevens:

There's  five minute brek nd tht's ll you tke,
for  cup of cold coffee nd  piece of cke.

From "Wild Blue Yonder" by Dimond Rio:

If you need  prison brek
I will be the file in the cke

From "1st Infntry - Fourth Of July" by Mobb Deep:

we sold out in ny store in the US
getting tht independent cke

From "Direct Me" by Otis Redding:

I mde  big mistke
When I see my bbe gin
I'm gonn bke me her fvorite cke

From "Money Tlks" by Lil' Kim:

First mistke, Jesus peeps ws fke
But wit, he got singles in his cke

From "Fllin (Remix)" by Alici Keys:

M, I mde the mistke, you gve me  brek
I got locked by the jke, you ws right I hd to tke the whole cke

From "The Chrge" by New Model Army:

The unity bond is broken nd the loylty songs re fke
I'll screw my only brother for even  glimpse t  piece of the cke

From "Another glxy" by Pul Simon:

When no one ws wke
She drove cross the border
Leving ll the yellow roses on her wedding cke
Her mother's ters, her brekfst order

From "Dngerous Plces" by Alphville:

People do wht they do, how much cn they tke
They just get the news nd the ones in power lwys get the cke

From "End Of My" by Michel Bublé:

But I know I'll hve to come to terms when I'm wke,
Thinking bout you is the icing on the cke.

From "God Wnn" by Everlst:

And even if both your eyes come up snke
It's time to get wise, rise, nd cut the cke

From "It's Hppening With You" by K. D. Lng:

Every turn I tke
Becomes  piece of cke

From "If We Rn The Nvy" by Mry Kte nd Ashley Olsen:

A few simple chnges is ll we'd mke.
Did we mention ech mel would be full of fun cke?

From "Don't Tese Me" by Sen Pul:

Don't mek di mistke
Mek ll mi llstr cke

From "Cndy Kisses" by Neil Sedk:

If it should stop my hert would brek
If the sun should get too hot
It's gonn melt the icing on our cke

From "Hitus" by Joe Budden:

Girl gon brek up
Mind right, cke up

From "Yog Flme" by Lupe Fisco:

Fix your fce for Pete's ske
Birthdy wordply, piece of cke

From "Heven Is A Beef Pie" by Los Amigos:

heven is  beef-cke.
Beef cke?

From "Wheel Chirs" by B.G.:

Big money, hevy weight, mke no mistke
Triple bem wit d len, the mn wit d cke

From "I Believe" by In Dury & The Blockheds:

I believe tht mnners mke
A person good to know
I believe in birthdy cke
And going with the flow

From "U Nev Know" by Lil' Flip:

Now look (look), I got  flight to mke
And I cn't be runnin lte cuse I'm bout tht cke

From "Colcnnon" by Mry Blck:

Sure  gret big bite you'd tke
Of the cremy flvoured soft nd meltin'
Sweet pottoe cke

From "Sline the Slt Lke Queen" by Rsputin:

there lived  little girl who loved to bke.
The only thing she'd mke ws cke,

From "Hndbgs And Gldrgs" by Mnfred Mnn:

Sing  song of sixpence for your ske
And tke  bottle full of rye
Four nd twenty blckbirds in  cke
And bke 'em ll in  pie

From "Spirits In The Night" by Mnfred Mnn:

By the time we mde it up to Gresy Lke
My hed ws out the window
Jney's fingers were in the cke
I think I relly dug her, I ws too loose to fke

From "All On You" by New Edition:

Mke young ldy's rump shke
I bke Donld Trump cke

From "Hert Of A Hustler" by Pul Wll:

i grind hrd from the second i wke
when you ply wit high stkes you profit t high rte
nomore top romn im tryin to et steks
so i get up off my bump nd go get tht cke

From "Get It Poppin'" by Jim Jones:

Im Fke
O its ll in d gme
But im still gettin cke

From "Studl Smi" by Johnny Clegg:

Like  gret gondol on  midnight lke
She flots in my hert big nd lzy
She sys, "i'm your studl" (big ldy)
I'm your crem cke

From "Little Yellow Spider" by Devendr Bnhrt:

Well, I cme upon  dncing crb, nd I stopped to wtch it shke
I sid, "Dnce for me just one more time
Before you hibernte nd you come out  crb cke"

From "Rgtime" by Run D.M.C.:

I rhyme when I m sleeping, I rhyme when I'm wke
When I ws nine I sid  rhyme by putting cndles on my cke

From "21 Questions" by Nte Dogg:

To mke it up I do whtever it tke
I love you like  ft kid love cke

From "Suckceed" by Rooney:

You're just like the others, fickle nd fke
If you bring enough for them, you cn hve your cke

From "Spirit in the Night" by Mnfred Mnn's Erth Bnd:

By the time we mde it up to Gresy Lke
I hd my hed out the window
And Jney's fingers were in the cke
I think I relly dug her cuse I ws too loose to fke

From "Quiche Lorrine" by B-52's:

Do you see the key in my hnd?
I'm gonn throw it in the lke
Yeh, you've been so rotten to me,
You tke the cke.

From "Little Girls" by Kool Keith:

Videos exggerte things you never mke
Your style is ll tissue, chocolte fudge crem cke

From "Kthleen" by John McDermott:

Picnics on beches nd punts on the lke
Luck seemed to serve us  slice of life's cke

From "Heven's On Fire" by Strs:

I got  fever rgin' in my hert, you mke me shiver nd shke
Bby don't stop, tke it to the top, et it like  piece of cke

From "She Knows Wht To Do With  Sturdy Night" by Billy Currington:

She's gonn run the tble, if you let her brek
She might pop out of the top of  birthdy cke

From "The Wedding Cke" by Jennie C. Riley:

You know, the mesure of  mn
Is much more thn just the money he cn mke
And every womn knows  lot of joy nd ters
Come with the wedding cke.

From "Gret Expecttions" by Jurssic 5:

And gets deep like  movie Bruce nd Demi mke
I moved to the lnd of snd nd ill erthqukes
I didn't know this ws the plce I'd get my piece of the cke
Or the piece of the pie, U-N-I-T-Y

From "I Cn't Decide" by Scissor Sisters:

Oh I could throw you in the lke
Or feed you poison birthdy cke

From "Sleep With Snkes" by Rinbirds:

cught in the middle for it`s too high  stke
i`m popping out of my rebirthdy cke

From "Smsh" by Pretty Ricky:

I mke the whole bed shke like n erthquke
I bng up like  birthdy cke

From "Phdrem" by Bubb Sprxxx:

Till my blood, swet nd bones che
Wtch me bke my own cke

From "Mn Of The Yer" by Scbs:

Now the holy mcroni ws  million dollr flke
Ended up in folsom but the file ws in the cke

From "Dylight" by Eightbll & M.J.G.:

Don't fke it, you know it's kind hrd to try to shke it
The cmel's tellin' you to come on, you hd to cke it

From "Fce Fisted" by Dethklok:

You re  mistke
You hve sex with cke

From "Mount Zion" by Gentlemn:

nd purge out dem dutty wys to tke up
dem sin  pile up on dem nd it  cke up

From "Never Fll In Love" by Dn Bern:

Put thorzine in my morning coffee brek
Won't feed the birds bred boys, let them et cke

From "Fruitcke" by Erserheds:

A little lovin' nd some fruit to bke
Life is  piece of cke

From "Te For Two" by Pink Mrtini:

Dy will brek nd I'll wke
And strt to bke  sugr cke

From "Be There" by Pointer Sisters:

'Cos it's give nd it's tke,
It's no piece of cke,

From "It's Not A Gme" by Noreg:

While sy brek up to mke up
I sy stick together God until y'll cke up

From "It's High Fshion" by After The Fire:

With help from buying ll the products they mke
Tht wy they get the biggest slice of the cke

From "Brnd new" by Shinhw:

shilsurn kosun chnce I won't tke
ni mmul bbetnun kosun negenun piece of  cke

From "Redy Or Not" by Fugees:

CLEF: Now tht I escpe, sleepwlker wke
Those who could relte know the world in't cke

From "It Should Hve Been Me" by Ry Chrles:

I sw  guy etin'
A gret big stek
While  witress stood by feedin' him
Ice crem nd cke.

From "Invincible" by Cpone-N-Noreg:

Who rp chronic collb jke
Whether we hve not or hve cke

From "Woodwork" by Godley & Creme:

For old time's ske
Crwling out of the woodwork
For  slice of cke
You cme crwling

From "Birthdy Cke" by Cibo Mtto:

Do you hve  hedche, or  hertbrek?
Are you mde or broken by the birthdy cke?

From "Furniture" by Owen Pllett:

My mother never tkes  brek
From her pining fter furniture
Every moment on her feet is torture
And I shre her love of wine nd cke

From "Big City" by Inspecth Deck:

Yo, everydy, lives t stke, pies to bke
Sme knife tht cuts your throt divides the cke

From "Finnegn's Wke" by Tossers:

Well, his friends ssembled t the wke,
nd missus Finnegn clled for lunch
well, first she brought out te nd cke,
then pipes nd tobcco nd brndy punch

From "Populr" by Gretchen:

Just  nsty hbit, you cn't brek
Still you wnt to hve nd et your cke

From "One More Goodbye" by M. Wrd:

Reconsider in your soul your mistke
Well I found  mtch nd wrote these words on your cke

From "The Other Cheek" by Tny Stephens:

oonu need fi strt bke
nd the brook vlley mn dem need  slice  di cke

From "Sundy Morning in Americ" by Keith Anderson:

And bots on the lke
And  red-hed freckled fce blows out the cndles on his birthdy cke

From "Discosis" by Brn Vn 3000:

But something to mke
Cutting the cke

From "My Boo" by Wk Flock Flme:

Well Thesee Niqqhs Is Fkin && Im Redy To Tke
Yo Shoes Yo Clothes && Even Yo Cke

From "A Spoonful Of Sugr" by Julie Andrews:

And every tsk you undertke
Becomes  piece of cke

From "Funny Hppy Birthdy Song" by Unknown:

Hppy Birthdy, how much more cn you tke?
But your friends re hungry so just cut the stupid cke.

From "The Portl Song" by Skymrshll Arts:

But there’s no sense crying over every mistke
You just keep on trying till you run out of cke

From "Top Of The Wheel" by Hzel O'Connor:

And I got no respect for you, you're just  fke
Gve up your lot for  bite of the cke

From "Live At the Tunnel" by Cru:

I keeps the rel, seprte from the fke
If I kill, yo, I'm doin' so for the cke

From "Snctury" by New Musik:

I rech out nd tke
My piece of the cke

From "Oh Yeh (Yeh)" by House Of Lrge Sizes:

You should be wide wke
Yeh but I cn't help syin'
It's 'one big... one big... one big... cke!

From "The Anthem" by Lootpck:

But everywhere round the gtes people sying tht y fke
Like dropping out of weight while you're trying to hve your cke

From "Streets Gonn Love Me" by Hell Rell:

And they might get knocked but tht's the chnces we tke
You know it's ll for the cke, yeh it's ll for the cke

From "Tste The Cke" by Ry Koefoed:

Still, the tests keep getting hrder nd she needed  brek.
Tht's when the voice begn to brter with the promise of cke.

From "Tste The Cke" by Ry Koefoed:

She hd completed ll the tests nd never mde  mistke.
Her mouth begn to wter. Her hnds strted to shke.
She knew it couldn't be much frther.
She could lmost tste the cke.

From "I Luv Hmburgers (Hmm's Song)" by Bust A Groove:

let there be no mistke of the point I'm trying to mke
on my birthdy give me  burger not  cke

From "How Fr We've Come" by Politiclly Incorrect:

Time moves on, we tke  brek
Love burns ll nd hte tkes the cke

From "Perfect Plce" by Sleddogs:

I'd built  bot nd flot on the open lke
And we would sil under the strs eting strwberry cke

From "Hter Dy" by Cnton Jones:

So ll my hters gonn hve to tke  hter brek tody
I'm  bke  hter cke tody

From "Living The Life Of A Dremer" by Alice Russell:

Greedy greedy greedy, tke tke tke
Then its kissy smiley, fke fke fke, Like  cke

From "Home" by Gry Puckett:

And every night they lie wke
And drem of mm's chocolte cke

From "T.V Movies" by Glitter Bnd:

Mr flickswitch i need  brek
Hey producer cut me on the cke

From "Keep Winning" by Archie Eversole:

Everydy is  drem, nd I dont wnn wke up
Everydy is  grind, gott get the cke up

From "A Dublin Lullby" by Three Ded Trolls In A Bggie:

I went up with O'Lery to Old McDonld's wke
We drnk  lot of stout nd te  lot of cke!

From "Hcw" by Curious Lil' Jy:

Do you hve sum fries to go with tht shke
He sid bby you'r so hott you could bke my cke

From "Still Alive (portl)" by Vlve:

But there's no sense crying
over every mistke.
You just keep on trying
till you run out of cke.

From "Young Money" by Vit Chmbers:

When I wke
I'm crving the tste of the cke

From "Here We Go Agin" by Governor:

for Christs ske, give me  brek
I shke the jke to get the cke

From "Quick Joe Smll" by Ksenetz Ktz Singing Orchestrl Circus:

When she herd of Joey's jil brek
But she knew ll the while 'cuse
She sent him  file
Bked inside  fudge cke.

From "Which Bckstreet Boy Is Gy?" by Mikeboyslim:

Ain't nothing but  butt che
Ain't nothing but  fruit cke

From "Beggin' Womn" by Cousin Joe:

And she'll beg Uncle Jke
She'll even beg the sweetness
Out of  ginger cke

From "Lter Opertor" by All Girl Summer Fun Bnd:

And he won't spend his mke
Won't even buy me chep, chep cke

From "Who Now" by B. Rich:

Let's tke  brek
Let's spend some cke

From "I Ment You No Hrm/Jimmy's Rp [Eddie Murphy]" by Vrious Artists:

Listen, Jimmy wnn rib, Jimmy wnn stke,
Jimmy wnn piece o' your chocolte cke!